Our story takes place on an ancient and distant island-nation. One day a
large shooting star fell within the nation. When the King's trusted advisors
went to investigate, they found not a star, but a lustrous castle! Upon
entering it, they found the mystic text "WARP JUMP ERROR. TEMPORAL-DIMENSIONAL
SHIFT DETECTED.". Inside they found scores of mysterious artifacts, but the
most mysterious of all were chambers, that when filled with metals, could
produce metallic people! And with a little adjustment, they were able to make
the metallic people stop questioning orders and demanding living wages.

Using these mysterious chambers, the King set forth to expand his Kingdom. He
met with great success, until one fateful day. Somehow, the King had expanded
his Kingdom so far, he was killed by his own defense forces! While the
philosophers contemplate the implications of this, you are more concerned with
more practical concerns: the inheitance.

As the vastly superior of the King's twin children, you were confident that
you would surely be chose. But your father's will surprised you. He declared
that the child who produced the largest expensivium statue of him one year from
now would inherit the nation. Shocked at this insult from your own father, you
realize that this was in fact his plan to make it clear that you are the
proper successor!

And so, focusing the full might of your allowance to buying metals, you set up
a robot chamber amid the densest cluster of expensivium mines, ready to kick
out whoever is running them. But in the distance you see your evil twin
shamelessly trying to copy your plan! All the better, for all the better to
show that this lowly miner cannot overcome one such as you: A Mega Miner!
